Well, I've been stationed at many different places that I always seem
to come back to Norfolk, Virginia, area. So I had a couple ships out
of Norfolk, and I think it's a great location. It has the beach. It
has a lot of different things for families to dio bin Station over
and Roosevelt roads Puerto Rico, which is no longer a station. But that
was a tropical island. But after a while, it did become an island
over to New Orleans. Louisiana is exactly like you see on TV with
Mardi Gras on Bourbon Street and and all those different things, but
it had a very good family atmosphere when you really peeled it back
back again to Norfolk area and now up to Washington, D. C. Where things
are pretty hectic. Um, in the middle of all the political, um,
hoopla. And but my family is not here with me, so they're not enjoying,
um, that family portion is also stationed down in Fort Jackson,
South Carolina. Very small town, um, community we loved it, had a great
opportunity for my kids in school, um college and just family time